Update `README.md`, `install.yaml` and some code comments (#236)
gardener/pvc-autoscaler: README.md

| Property                                                     | Description                                                                     | Default |
|:-------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-------:|

> | `.spec.targetRef.name`                                       | Name of the controller or PVC to monitor and autoscal`e                          | N/A     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `.spec.targetRef.name`                                       | Name of the controller or PVC to monitor and autoscale                          | N/A     |
```

> | `.spec.targetRef.name`                                       | Name of the controller or PVC to monitor and autoscal`e                          | N/A     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `.spec.targetRef.name`                                       | Name of the controller or PVC to monitor and autoscale                          | N/A     |
```
